Development information and debugging tasks (#337)
kiegroup/github-action-build-chain: README.md

## Development

### Execute CLI

```
npm run install
npm run build:cli
./build/index.js build ...
```

### Debug

> A specific `.vscode/launch.json` has been provided for debugging purposes. So just open `Run and Debug` VSCode tab and you will be able to run whatever the taska available in the file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specific `.vscode/launch.json` has been provided for debugging purposes. So just open `Run and Debug` VSCode tab and you will be able to run whatever the tasks are available in the file. 
```
just a typo
